What are you doing here?
I was just passing by.
I saw an argument in your office.
I'm worried about Mr. Ji
It's done
I mean there's no chance
Although a single mother
It's not okay to have a son and have a wife
And so it was.
Mr. Ji, this is the detailed information of Sun Ren
Please take a look.
No need.
That's fine.
Yan Ting no longer believed that Su Ran had begun to investigate him
Yan Qing, I have something to tell you for a long time
I'm afraid you won't believe me if I say it.
In fact, when Su Ran was with Brother Xiu Yuan
I don't know with many men
He doesn't even know it now.
Who is the biological father of his son?
So?
In addition to blind dates these years, he has also done paternity tests
Yan Qing goes out
The laity is in your heart, I can't even bring out a bottle of perfume
You distribute these 200 flyers yourself
Don't get off work if you can't finish sending it.
Su Ran didn't expect you to have today
It seems that I don't need to do it.
You will also roll out of the holy peak